Software Engineer (Hybrid)
Req #344
Kardium Inc., 155-8518 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada
Job Description
Posted Thursday, June 19, 2025 at 3:00 a.m.
Your opportunity

By joining the Kardium team, you can help make a difference in the lives of millions around the world. We have developed a ground-breaking medical device for the diagnosis and treatment of the most common heart rhythm disorder, atrial fibrillation – which can cause stroke, heart failure, and other heart-related complications.

Kardium’s mission is to deliver the best treatment for atrial fibrillation. To achieve this, we have developed The Globe® Pulsed Field System – we have a fantastic technical team that has developed a product with strong, unique, and customer-valued differentiators versus other solutions on the market. We have built connections with key opinion leaders who are already using the Globe System and are helping to tell our story.

We have now completed our pivotal clinical study and our focus is on regulatory approvals and commercial launch. This is an exciting and significant milestone in our journey to bring this ground-breaking technology to patients.

Please note, this opportunity is a hybrid work arrangement, located in Burnaby, BC.

Meaningful work you will be a part of

Your responsibilities will include:

Design and implement internal software applications that integrate with third party systems (e.g., ERP, PLM).
Extend functionality of existing manufacturing, regulatory, and quality management systems.
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to drive new features and address inefficiencies in business processes.
Drive solutions through the full lifecycle including design, development, testing, configuration, deployment and maintenance.
Conduct unit, system-level and automated testing to evaluate functionality and optimize performance.
What you bring to the team

Our Kardium team is smart, creative, and passionate about developing cutting-edge medical devices to help improve people’s lives. We work in a collaborative environment based on trust and respect. We understand that only by working together can we solve what was thought unsolvable.

You will be successful in this role because you possess these attributes:

Education & Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering or related field.
Experience with object-oriented design and development in .NET (C#) or Java.
Experience with web application development and front-end design.
Experience with custom D365 F&O applications is highly desirable.
Requirements & Skills:

Experience working with relational databases.
Proven ability to learn and use third party APIs and libraries.
Excellent communication and documentation skills.
Flexibility and adaptability to take on additional responsibilities as appropriate 
Compensation

Kardium has listed the total cash compensation range (base salary + 5% RRSP contribution) that we expect to pay applicants for this role, as of the time of this posting. Pay offered will be determined based on numerous relevant business and candidate factors including, for example, education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, and business or organizational needs. For candidates with more or less experience than listed above, the pay range will be adjusted.

As a permanent employee, you will also participate in Kardium’s stock option plan.

$75,000 - $102,000 (CAD Annually)
Your Benefits & Well-being

A red dollar sign in a circleDescription automatically generatedTotal cash – the total cash we’ve listed for this position includes a base salary, plus a contribution to a Registered Retirement Savings plans (RRSP) to help support your financial goals.

A hand and heart in neon lightDescription automatically generatedComprehensive medical & dental coverage – for all permanent employees – effective as of Day 1, with no waiting period.

A red clock with black backgroundDescription automatically generatedWork-day flexibility – additionally, we provide 3 personal days per year.

A red outline of a person sitting in a yoga poseDescription automatically generatedSupport – for you (and your dependents) overall well-being.

A red outline of a graduation capDescription automatically generatedCareer progression and learning support.

A red and white icon with a check markDescription automatically generatedProfessional membership support.

 A red line art of peopleDescription automatically generatedFamily building – we provide top up for both maternity leave & adoptive leave. Employees can also enroll in benefit coverage for fertility drug treatment.

Life at Kardium

What makes us a great place to work?

Our Purpose
Our People
Our Culture
At Kardium, we embrace diversity of background, experience, and perspective and we’re committed to inclusion and equity at every level. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of all communities.

We collaborate with Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), as volunteer-led groups who share a common dimension of diversity and come together to provide support, education, and other opportunities across Kardium. Examples of our ERGs include Women ERG, Pride ERG, Race Ethnicity & Cultural Heritage (REACH) ERG, Truth & Reconciliation ERG, Persian Community ERG, Chinese ERG, Barangay Kardium (Filipino) ERG, Brazilian ERG and Irish ERG.

As part of your application, we encourage you to note if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations). There will be an optional section in the application form where you can provide this information to the recruitment team.

And our employees think we are great too – check out Glassdoor to learn more!

