Immediate Remote Need for an Machine Learning Product Engineer:: 6 months contract (with possible extension)
Hi,
I found your candidature on LinkedIn and was wondering if you are currently exploring new fulltime opportunities

Job Description:
Title: Machine Learning Product Engineer
This job is fully remote
Duration: 6 months contract (with possible extension)
Schedule: Mon-Fri (8am-5pm CST)

The Investments Gen AI Team pioneers’ transformative Generative AI innovations by harnessing AI to tackle company’s Investment's most complex challenges with an interdisciplinary, forward-thinking approach. As ML Engineer within the team you will:
Work in a highly talented diverse team. 
Be encouraged to continuously learn new skills, technologies, and tools. 
lead the effort in taking AI/ML solutions from proof-of-concept to production-ready state. 


Skills:
Deep understanding of machine learning fundamentals and ability to apply them in developing and implementing AI/ML solutions. 
Experience with GenAI technologies and techniques (e.g., RAG, fine-tuning, vector stores, Agentic frameworks, Prompt Flows). 
Solid grasp of software development principles, including design patterns, testing, and version control such as Git. 
Comfortable with hands-on involvement in AI/ML experimentation and model development. 
Proficiency in Python 
Proficiency in cloud technologies (Azure/AWS) 
Development experience with Java Spring boot, React JS preferrable to built end-to-end solution 
Excellent communicator with both technical and non-technical team members. 

Experience:
Minimum of 3 years of experience working on AI/ML projects, with a focus on productizing AI/ML solutions. 
We also have some desirable criteria. 

Preferred:
Solid understanding of agile methodologies. 
Experience with Kubernetes. 
Experience in fine tuning LLMs, Advanced RAG, Agentic frameworks. 
Proficiency working with Azure fabric. 

If interested on the below role please let me know the best time to connect.

Best Regards, 
Nil Mukherjee
Team Lead- Recruitment
US Tech Solutions
Jersey City, New Jersey
Email: nil@ustechsolutionsinc.com

