Job Description
The Opportunity:

The AIML and Generative Design Lead for Property & Buildings will lead the technical enablement implementation of AI for design across all building engineering disciplines. This role is responsible for implementing the AI ​​transformation roadmap in close collaboration with the Digital Solutions Team Leads and all Property and Buildings VPs, and for driving its execution across the organization. The successful candidate will bring deep AI expertise and work closely with internal engineering and digital experts to embed AI knowledge and skills into core workflows and tools. This role can be based out of any WSP office in BC. 

Why choose WSP?

We value and are committed to upholding a culture of  inclusion  and  belonging
Our  Flexible Work Policy – ​​we recognize the importance of balance in our lives and encourage you to prioritize the balance in yours. We will support you on and off the job so you can be fully present in both your work and home lives.
A  Canadian  success story - we're  proud  to wear the red and white of this beautiful country and show the world what Canada has to offer.
Enhance  the world around you - from the environment to the highways, to the buildings and the terrain, WSP is the fabric of Canada.
Outstanding  career opportunities - we're growing and pushing ourselves every day to be greater than yesterday - we're open to  your  ideas and trying  new  things.
A phenomenal  collaborative  culture and a workforce filled with genuinely  good people  who are doing humbly important work. Come find out for yourself what it's like to be a part of our journey.
We offer attractive pay, flexible work options, a great corporate culture, comprehensive and employee-focused benefits including virtual healthcare and a wellness platform as well as great savings programs, and a clear vision for the future.

#WeAreWSP​

What you can expect to do here:

Collaboration & Governance

Review, understand and interpret existing WSP Global governance frameworks for responsible AI use, including data privacy, model transparency, and ethical considerations; and adapted for practical use by project teams.
Work with IT and digital innovation teams across WSP to ensure scalable and secure deployment of AI tools.
Cross-Disciplinary Enablement

Partner with engineering teams to identify high-impact AI use cases across mechanical, electrical, structural and building sciences domains.
Similarly partner with Project Managers and other digital delivery experts to embed AI solutions in standard WSP Buildings project processes.
Promote AI-driven coordination workflows that reduce rework and improve design quality.
Change Management & Adoption

Drive cultural and operational change to embed AI into day-to-day practice.
Design and deliver training programs for AI and generative design tailored to modelers, designers, engineers and project managers.
Act as a mentor and coach to internal champions and early adopters, through standing up a Center of Excellence for AI and Generative design.
Track KPIs and success metrics to measure adoption and impact.
Project financial/Operational performance [Indirect]
Capacity building, training and mentorship of WSP teams (ie number of designers trained on AI and generative design, number of buildings projects using AI)
Integration with Engineering & Authoring Tools

Collaborate with internal subject matter experts to understand workflows in mechanical design (ie. HVAC), structural engineering (ie. Concrete buildings), electrical layouts (ie. Building Technology systems), and multidisciplinary coordination.
Champion the development and use of custom agentic coding and agentic modeling and design systems that support intelligent design generation and building design optioning.
Drive and support the integration of AI into commonly used tools such as Autodesk Revit, Autodesk Construction Cloud and other discipline-specific authoring platforms.
 
What you'll bring to WSP:

Communication Skills

Strong communication skills, including ability to speak to individuals with varied levels of baseline knowledge,
Experience in change management, and training delivery.
Technical & Practical Skills

Deep understanding of AI/ML concepts, including generative design, Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) systems, prompt engineering, and data-driven optimization.
Hands-on experience with AI platforms (eg, Azure AI, OpenAI) and scripting environments (eg, Python).
Experience in cloud platforms like Azure 
Knowledge of Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing, Structural, and Architectural design workflows is beneficial but not required—willingness to learn from internal experts is essential.
Familiarity with BIM platforms (eg, Revit, ACC, Navisworks), parametric modeling, and engineering automation tools is an asset.
Preferred Qualifications

Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field.
5-8 years of experience in designing and building data-intensive applications with deep understanding of modern data and ML engineering tools
Experience in designing and delivering technical training programs for peers
PMP, or other relevant certifications are an asset.
Experience working in or with large engineering consulting firms.
Bi-lingual is considered an asset.
Salary range (in British Columbia):  $113,500 - $156,000

 

The final salary awarded for this role may vary from the above range based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs. The salary range provided in this job posting may be subject to change for business purposes.

Job Info
Job Identification
73343
Posting Date
09/12/2025, 12:22 PM

About Us
WSP  is one of the world's leading professional services firms. Our purpose is to future proof our cities and environments.

We have over 65,000 team members across the globe. In Canada, our 12,000+ people are involved in everything from environmental remediation to urban planning, from engineering iconic buildings to designing sustainable transportation networks, from finding new ways to extract essential resources to developing renewable power sources for the future.

At WSP :

We value our people and our reputation
We are locally dedicated with international scale
We are future focused and challenge the status quo
We foster collaboration in everything we do
We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable
Please Note:
Health and Safety is a core paramount value of WSP. Given the importance of keeping one another safe it is expected that you comply with our Health, Safety & Environment (HSE) policy at all times as well as client HSE policies when working at client locations.

Offers of employment for safety-sensitive positions involving fieldwork are contingent upon candidates being able to perform key physical tasks of the job as described in the job posting and interview. This may include the ability to work in a variety of environmental conditions, such as remote or isolated areas, working alone, and in inclement weather (within safe and reasonable limits).

WSP welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

WSP is committed to the principles of employment equity. Only the selected candidates will be contacted.

WSP does not accept unsolicited resumes from agencies. For more information please  READ THE FULL POLICY.  