About the job
Your opportunity 

By joining the Kardium team, you can help make a difference in the lives of millions around the world. We have developed a ground-breaking medical device for the diagnosis and treatment of the most common heart rhythm disorder, atrial fibrillation – which can cause stroke, heart failure, and other heart-related complications.

Kardium’s mission is to deliver the best treatment for atrial fibrillation. To achieve this, we have developed The Globe® Pulsed Field System – we have a fantastic technical team that has developed a product with strong, unique, and customer-valued differentiators versus other solutions on the market. We have built connections with key opinion leaders who are already using the Globe System and are helping to tell our story.

We have now completed our pivotal clinical study, and our focus is on regulatory approvals and commercial launch. This is an exciting and significant milestone in our journey to bring this ground-breaking technology to patients.

Please note, this opportunity is a hybrid work arrangement, located in Burnaby, BC.

Meaningful Work You Will Be a Part Of 

As a Senior Software Build Engineer at Kardium, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring the efficiency, reliability, and security of our software development lifecycle, particularly within our regulated medical device environment. Your expertise will bridge the gap between development and operations, with a strong emphasis on building and maintaining the essential tools that empower our engineering teams.

Your Responsibilities Will Include

Designing, implementing, and managing our locally hosted Windows-based Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) system and the supporting infrastructure. This includes:

Deploying and managing the physical computers and test equipment located in our server lab. 
Monitoring system loading and planning for growth in demand. 
Writing and maintaining the Kotlin and Python programs that generate our CI/CD build chain. 
Aiding in the administration of related systems that support our CI/CD system, including our locally hosted git server, maven repositories, and static analysis server. 
Maintaining the CI/CD system documentation. 
Creating or acquiring software tools in support of the above work. 

Collaborate With

Our CI/CD users to help optimize their PR workflows and provide training and support. 
The Globe development and test teams to support our verification and software release processes. 
Our IT department to optimally manage and secure our computers and network. 

Staying updated with industry best practices and emerging technologies in DevOps, CI/CD, and software development tools, advocating for and implementing improvements.

Troubleshooting and resolving complex build, release, and tooling issues, providing technical support to development teams.

What You Bring To The Team

Our Kardium team is smart, creative, and passionate about creating cutting-edge medical devices to help improve people’s lives. We work within a collaborative environment based on trust and respect. And we understand that only by working together can we solve the unsolvable.

You will be successful in this role because you possess these attributes and abilities: 

A bachelor's or higher degree with a minimum of 5 years of software development or testing experience. 
Proficiency with Java or Kotlin. 
Proficiency with Python. 
Proficiency in designing, implementing, and managing CI/CD pipelines within Windows environment using tools such as TeamCity, Jenkins, GitLab CI, Azure DevOps, or similar. 
Excellent communication, documentation, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across diverse engineering teams. 

Nice To Have

Practical knowledge of integrating and customizing third-party developer tools (e.g., Jira, Confluence, Git, code analysis platforms). 
Understanding of software verification and validation (V&V) practices, particularly within a regulated or medical device environment. 

Compensation

Kardium has listed the total cash compensation range (base salary + 5% RRSP contribution) that we expect to pay applicants for this role, as of the time of this posting. Pay offered will be determined based on numerous relevant business and candidate factors including, for example, education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, and business or organizational needs. For candidates with more or less experience than listed above, the pay range will be adjusted.

As a permanent employee, you will also participate in Kardium’s stock option plan.

$90,000 - $140,000 (CAD Annually) 

Your Benefits & Well-being

The total cash we’ve listed for this position includes a base salary, plus a contribution to a Registered Retirement Savings plans (RRSP) to help support your financial goals.

Comprehensive medical & dental coverage for all permanent employees – effective as of Day 1, with no waiting period.

Work-day flexibility – additionally, we provide 3 personal days per year.

Support for you (and your dependents) overall well-being.

Family building – we provide top up for both maternity leave & adoptive leave. Employees can also enroll in benefit coverage for fertility drug treatment.

Career progression and learning support.

Professional membership support.

Life at Kardium 

What makes us a great place to work?

Our Purpose
Our People 
Our Culture 

At Kardium, we embrace diversity of background, experience, and perspective and we’re committed to inclusion and equity at every level. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of all communities.

We collaborate with Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), as volunteer-led groups who share a common dimension of diversity and come together to provide support, education, and other opportunities across Kardium. Examples of our ERGs include Women ERG, Pride ERG, Race Ethnicity & Cultural Heritage (REACH) ERG, Truth & Reconciliation ERG, Persian Community ERG, Chinese ERG, Barangay Kardium (Filipino) ERG, Brazilian ERG and Irish ERG.

As part of your application, we encourage you to note if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations). There will be an optional section in the application form where you can provide this information to the recruitment team.

And our employees think we are great too – check out Glassdoor to learn more!

